Game Plan: FIFA All-Star
Student Name: Arthur Zhao
NetID: sz165

1. Overview: this game is a multiplayer game based on Breakout, in which multiple users control the soccer players at the bottom half of the field to
play against opponents at the upper half of the field. Roughly it's going to look like this:

		|	----	   |
		|		   |
		|   +            + |
		|     +       +    |
		| +      +         |
		|		   |	
		|		   |	
		|       *          |
		|	  *	   |
		|	*	   |
		|		   |
		|	----	   |
where "----" is the gate, "+" represents opponent pads and "*" are pads controlled by the human players. Our goal, obviously, is to shoot the football into
the gate. This game is inspired by Circus, which demonstrates how Breakout can get extremely interesting if we incorperate it with real life settings. It is
also inspired by Devilish, which reminds me of the fun of playing games with my brother. 

Why is it interesting? There are lots of funny elements on the soccer field that we can add to the game: referees, fans, the cheering team, etc. Also there 
are many soccer audio effects I can add into the game to make it interesting.

2. Different Levels I Intend to Build:
There are many ways I can create different levels: 
	a. I can change the backgroud, meaning that we now play at a different place;
	b. I can increase the number of opponent players, thus makes it harder to win;
	c. I can make the opposing gate smaller and make our gate larger;
	d. I can set a time limit within which me must goal (like we are now 1-2 and there's only 3 mins left);
	e. I can add more power-ups or NPCs on the field to make it funnier;
Clarification: given the limit of time I might only implement 3 levels. Feature d and e listed above might be implemented or might not depending on the 
time limit.

3. Blocks
Here is the funny part! As of now there are three major types of blocks that I intend to build:
	a. "static" player blocks: those opponent player blocks that are always there, like Hazard who is very reliable;
	b. "dynamic" player blocks: those player blocks that have special effects when hit. Like Neymar, who is kind of a good actor and when we hit him, he
	will pretend to be fouled and the referee will punish us by making out pads shorter, for example (disclaimer: Neymar is a very respectable player and
	here I'm just raising an example);
	c. NPCs: these blocks also have special effects, but they never move. Once hit, they drop power-ups, like drunk fans will drop a beer bottle and
	whichever player who gets hit has to quit the game...

4. Power ups
As of now, there are three basic power ups that I can think of:
	a. Enlarging our pad / shrinking the opponent pads
	b. Shrinking our gate / Enlarging the opponent gates
	c. Speeding up the balls
If I get time, I will try to implement the following power ups:
	d. Over-head kick: a power up that will enable to corresponding pad such that the next kick made by this pad will bypass all the opponent pads
	e. Sticker: the pad will be able to hold on to the ball for a certain period of time

5. Treat Keys:
	a. The Football Fan's Sound Wave(#9 on the keyboard): once enabled, the opponent players are soo disturbed that they cannot move anymore
	b. McDonalds' Help (#8 on the keyboard): each time its pressed, an opponent player will have to quit because he ate too much McDonalds' before the game
	c. President's Command (#7): you just bribed the FIFA President so you can jump directly to the next level!


6. Something Extra:
	If I have time, I would continue to implement the following features:
	1. Moving Referee: it's always interesting to see him hit and when he's hit, he might drop some unexpected power ups. This is very important 
	because now we have a "neutral" block who is very unpredictable in the sense that he might help you goal or not, and he might give you power ups or
	power downs
	2. MVP: after each level we will acclaim the most valuable player in the game. This is a little bit tricky because we need to set up some structure
	to remember who did what and a standard for performance evaluation, so this might be hard to implement within the time limit. But I think this is 
	important because it allows players to compete against each other while collabrating

So I will stop here since the above features are already enough for a week. Like I mentioned, some advanced features (2.d, 2.e, 4.d, 4.e and 6) might not be
implemented, but I will try my best to add them in so as to make the game funnier to play.
